h1. Block

h2. Paragraph

paragraph 1 text.
text text.

paragraph 2 text.
text text.

p. paragraph 3 text.
text text.

p. paragraph 4 text.
text text.

※段落中の改行はbrタグに置き換わる

h2. Section

h1. title
h2. title
h3. title
h4. title
h5. title
h6. title

h2. TOC

{{toc}}

h2. Bullet List

* item 1
** item 1-1
*** item 1-1-1
*** item 1-1-2
** item 1-2
*** item 1-2-1
*** item 1-2-2
* item 2

* new item 1

h2. Ordered List

# item 1
## item 1-1
### item 1-1-1
### item 1-1-2
## item 1-2
### item 1-2-1
### item 1-2-2
# item 2

# new item 1

h2. Description List

- term := item 1
- term := item 2

h2. Check List

なし

h2. Literal BLock / Preformatted Block

なし

h2. Block Quote

bq. text
bq.. text

※bq..は空行を含むことができる
　次のブロック要素(p.等)まで継続

h2. Code Block

bc. text
bc.. text

※bc..は空行を含むことができる
　次のブロック要素(p.等)まで継続

h2. Admonition

なし

h2. Horizontal Line

---

h2. Page Break

なし

h2. Table

|data11|data12|data13|
|data21|data22|data23|

|_.head1|<.head2|=.head3|>.head4|
|data11|data12|data13|data14|
|data21|data22|data23|data24|

h1. Inline

h2. Emphasis

The _emphasis_ text.
The __emphasis__ text.

※_はemタグ、__はiタグ

h2. Strong

The *strong* text.
The **strong** text.

※*はstrongタグ、**はbタグ

h2. Emhasis + Strong

The _*em+strong*_ text.
The __**em+strong**__ text.

h2. Superscript

The ^super^ text.

h2. Subscript

The ~sub~ text.

h2. Underline

The +under+ text.

h2. Strikeout

The -strike- text.

h2. Line Break

The line 1.
The line 2.

※改行はそのままbrタグになる

h2. Code

The @code@ text.

h2. Quote

The ??quote?? text.

h2. Keyboard / Button / Menu

なし

h2. Hyper Link

“text”:url

h2. Cross Reference

なし

h2. Image

!url(alttext)!
!url!

h2. Footnote

text text.[1]
text text.[2]
text text.[2]

fn1. footnote-text
fn2. footnote-text

h2. Endnote

なし

h2. Reference / Bibliography

なし

h2. Math

なし

h2. No Markup

The ==*no strong*== text.
<notextile>The *no strong* text.</notextile>
